#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
biopython==1.83
    # via llm-utils
black==24.4.2
    # via llm-utils
blinker==1.8.2
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via streamlit
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.6
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
docx==0.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
email-validator==2.1.1
    # via fastapi
entrypoints==0.4
    # via altair
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via anyio
faiss-cpu==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.111.0
    # via llm-utils
fastapi-cli==0.0.4
    # via fastapi
flake8==7.0.0
    # via llm-utils
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   fastapi
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pydeck
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   llm-utils
langchain-community==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llm-utils
langchain-core==0.2.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llm-utils
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.1
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.74
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
llm-utils @ git+https://ai_web:xu3wm_hf-5pMMfzXtWaG@gitlab.rc.uab.edu/anes_ai/llm_apps/llm_utils.git@feature/interface2
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==5.2.2
    # via
    #   docx
    #   python-docx
markdown==3.6
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via dataclasses-json
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mkdocs==1.6.0
    # via
    #   llm-utils
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==1.0.1
    # via mkdocstrings
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocstrings==0.25.1
    # via llm-utils
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   biopython
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
openai==1.31.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   mkdocs
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   streamlit
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   docx
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   mkdocstrings
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via streamlit
pyarrow==16.1.0
    # via streamlit
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via flake8
pydantic==2.7.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   llm-utils
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.18.4
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pymdown-extensions==10.8.1
    # via mkdocstrings
pymupdf==1.24.5
    # via llm-utils
pymupdfb==1.24.3
    # via pymupdf
pyodbc==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llm-utils
pypandoc==1.13
    # via llm-utils
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   ghp-import
    #   pandas
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llm-utils
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via uvicorn
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via llm-utils
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via fastapi
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
    #   uvicorn
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.5.15
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.30
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
st-pages==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
streamlit==1.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llm-utils
    #   st-pages
tenacity==8.3.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via black
toolz==0.12.1
    # via altair
tornado==6.4
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via openai
typer==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.12.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   black
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-docx
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
ujson==5.10.0
    # via fastapi
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.30.1
    # via fastapi
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
watchdog==4.0.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   streamlit
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==12.0
    # via uvicorn
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
